mpsl: New version of MPSL, now also with nRF53 support (#128)
NordicPlayground/nrfxlib: mpsl/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

> Added

Author: I will add a MPSL 0.5.0-2.prealpha header here and do some minor fixes to the changes section

Reviewer: Do we need the version header? We are not using the version info anywhere else

Author: We don't need it, but this is tracked as the 2.prealpha internally, so that's all. For the next release we should be able to follow the ble_controller release model I think.

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

MPSL 0.5.0-2.prealpha
*********************

Added
=====

> * Added library with preliminary support for the nRF5340 SoC. The feature set is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a library version with preliminary support for the nRF5340 device.
  The feature set is the same as in the MPSL library for nRF52.
  The following library has been added:
```

>   the same as in the nRF52 MPSL. The following library has been added:

Reviewer 2: clear this line if the above suggestion is implemented

  * :file:`soft-float/libmpsl.a`

Changes
=======

* Removed ``_nrf52`` from the MPSL library file names.
* It is no longer allowed to call :cpp:func:`mpsl_init()` if MPSL is already initialized.

> * Clock configuration parameters for any stack that uses MPSL must be provided in :c:type:`mpsl_clock_lfclk_cfg_t` to :cpp:func:`mpsl_init()`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Clock configuration parameters for any stack that uses MPSL must be provided in :c:type:`mpsl_clock_lfclk_cfg_t` to :cpp:func:`mpsl_init()`.
  This now also involves clock accuracy.
```
